changed the log and the package.json in order to add the new faststor… (#1119)
vtex/toolbelt: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [2.129.1-beta] - 2021-08-24

> ### added
> - [vtex faststore-cli] adding a new plugin called faststore-cli that facilitate linking for the faststore framework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
- [vtex faststore-cli] Add `cli-plugin-faststore` plugin, that facilitates linking for the faststore framework
```
